case for iphone 5 and iphone 5s sgp neo
hybrid
At one time, the company released a jeep
a series of hybrid cases for iphone 4
the covers themselves were nice but
had a couple of flaws very thin
the frame at the bottom which broke easily when
careless removal and stamping of buttons
in rubber which constantly clamped with
plastic frame is not new for algebra
iphone 5 5s became a bug fix
constructively it consists of rubber
bases in which cuts are made under
all buttons and ports and polycarbonate
frames in which are built in and repeaters
Anise buttons in the lightning port area
slightly reinforced first dress
rubber frame and then on it by
the contour is pulled thin
lightly polycarbonate rubber frame
stands above the screen protecting it from
scratches on flat surfaces
smartphone is perfectly protected from all sides
a combination of plastic and rubber is cutouts
under all ports and separately repeaters
power and volume buttons
cover available with different frame colors
red white gray blue
yellow and silver
neo hybrid sealed branded
transparent box and complete with case
go silicone stickers on the home button
for iphone 5
and code to verify originality
product protective film on screen
it is recommended to purchase separately